Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(deep ominous music)
(phone ringing)
- [Operator] Your call
is being transferred.
- Put him through.
Adeet. (speaks Italian)?
- Yeah. Bruno's dead.
(ominous music continues)
The kid blew his brains
out in the elevator.
(gunshot blasts)
Well. I'm torching this place
and I'm gettin' outta here.
You ain't gonna find me again.
I'm going off grid.
- I can't express to you the high amount
of gratitude that the Molinari family has
for what you've done.
Rest assured that your family name.
and your family. will
remain in high regards
for the Molinari family forever.
Once again. thank you for
everything. my friend.
(speaks Italian)
- You too.
(car engine rumbles)
(ominous music continues)
(opera music)
(woman singing in foreign language)
(upbeat rhythmic music)
(men chattering)
- Hey Tony when are you
gonna have my fuckin' money?
- Tomorrow I told you.
don't worry about it.
- You better!
- Take two.
- How many cards you throwing out?
- [Tony] Two.
- What the fuck happened
with that guy in Brooklyn?
I haven't heard anything.
And you were supposed to
do the fucking guy up.
- This guy broke my fuckin' balls. too.
- [Man] I know. I haven't
heard anything about this guy.
What's a matter?
We give you something to
do. you should've done it.
- I'll go back there and take
care of this fuckin' job.
- You know. you're supposed to take care
of these things. you know?
- Fuck these guys. you know?
- I gotta find the guy.
- What's the matter. you
don't call me no more?
- The fuck am I gonna call you for?
- Oh. fuck you. Vito.
(men shouting)
- Get the fuck outta here.
you fuckin' asshole.
Get the fuck outta here.
Come around my fuckin' place
with my fuckin' people.
- What a mouth on that one.
- Fuck outta here.
- What the fuck was that. Vito?
- Wow. you let her talk to you like that?
- You can't. you gotta
put these Italian broads
in their place (laughs).
- Wow.
- What's our world coming to?
- Fuck me.
- What's hap'. what's this
world comin' to over here?
This is an embarrassment.
- This would never
happen in our day. Vito.
- No. it wouldn't happen.
- No. no.
- Never happen in our time.
Forget about it.
- That's right. way to fuck 'em up.
- Crazy over here.
- Take your punches. it ain't forever.
- Let her talk to ya like that?
- I can't believe it.
Who do you think she is?
- Embarrassment.
(men chattering loudly)
- Fuckin' (speaks Italian).
You're fuckin' crazy man.
The bitch is loose Marge.
Get the fuck outta here.
- [Man] What was that about?
- Fuckin' embarrass me.
- [Man] These Italian broads.
Vito. you gotta put 'em in place.
- Fuck me. man.
- [Man] Where'd she come from. man?
- I'll take of that fuckin' bitch. too.
(choir singing in foreign language)
(people chattering)
- [Man] Here with the family.
- My girls.
(fork clinking)
- [Man] Can't hear that. everybody quiet.
- Thank you everyone for coming today
to celebrate Dad's 60th birthday.
- [Carmine] Thank you. honey. thank you.
- We love you. sweetie.
- We love you.
- You're amazing. we love you.
As we all know. me and
my sister. Francesca.
put this all together.
- Yeah. this is a way of celebrating
happy birthday to you.
- [Carmine] Thank you.
- We love you.
- Even though you may be
getting old and one day this.
(group chuckling)
and one day this will never end.
I wish wanna say that me and my sister.
we're very happy that you were there
for us when life was hard.
and we're happy that you're here today.
Happy birthday. Dad.
- [Carmine] Thank you.
(group chattering)
- Yeah. we all love you.
- I propose a toast to
my brother. Carmine.
- [Group] Here. here.
- For keeping the family together.
taking over for Papa very every early on.
We love you (speaks Italian).
- [Group] Salute.
- Thank you. thank you all
so much for being here.
I know we do this regularly.
but 60 is special. so uh.
(group chuckles)
although at some point you're gonna stop
saying the number. you know.
(group laughing)
You know. we do this
regularly and I'm glad we do.
and we're gonna continue to
do it as long as I'm alive.
And then again. I hope that
you guys will continue it
long after I'm gone. because.
- Absolutely.
without. without this we wouldn't have
what we created and what we do have.
We've created a terrific. terrific empire
for our whole family.
for our kids. your kids.
And no one's gonna have to
struggle or worry at all.
And. you know. there are
families out there that.
and other divisions. who are battling
and they want a piece of
all of what we've got.
Fortunately. you know. the
family I'm talking about.
we've got their support. and
they're a damn good family.
And the reason why they're damn good
is because they run
their family like we do.
We stay in the shadows.
We stay. we don't. we're invisible.
No one knows who the hell we are.
and we like it like that.
Let the other guys. the blowhearts.
let them run around and strut their stuff.
We don't do that.
That's not what we're about.
- [Woman] No. not that it's so uncommon.
- Absolutely.
And we're gonna continue to do what we do.
and one day this will all be yours.
You all. you're all privy to
what we've grown. what we do.
We'll continue to rise.
we'll continue to build.
and we'll continue
to protect the foundation
of what we've built.
And we've come a long way.
and we've got even more to keep going.
I expect all of you to be right there
by my side. as always.
- [Man] Without a doubt.
- And. uh-
(woman speaking Italian)
(Carmine speaking Italian)
- Again. salute. all of you. again.
(glasses clinking)
(Carmine speaking Italian)
(choir singing in foreign language)
(lilting waltz music)
- Papa (speaks Italian).
(foreboding music)
(lilting waltz music)
(girl laughing)
(gunshots blasting)
(man shouting)
(foreboding music continues)
(lilting waltz music)
(gentle solemn music)
(man speaking Italian)
- What's going on in America?
- This is no good.
Nobody listens.
This is the second time
I've been telling you.
we can't have this.
That fuckin' Joe in America.
they don't understand. they don't listen.
This is no good (exhales loudly).
All I should do is get Jocko.
Tell him to go to America.
and we gotta take care of this problem.
We're gonna take care of this right away.
And. you know what?
I'm gonna go.
Get my plane ready.
I'm going to go to America.
I'm gonna take care of this problem.
This is no good. all right?
(choir singing in foreign language)
- [Man] I gotta search ya.
- You don't gotta search me.
I got more respect than
that. and he's good. too.
- All right. follow me.
(woman chattering)
(people chattering)
- [Vincenzo] How ya doin'. Giacomo?
Show him a little respect.
- You know me?
You seen me before.
- [Vincenzo] This is one of my guys
for the Talicani family.
He was there that night.
He took one in the leg.
Tell him.
- I was down there with a few
(speaks Italian) in the club.
Next thing I know. it's
14 (speaks Italian).
They run in. and they start
shooting up the place.
One of them hits me.
I got hit in the knee.
The other one hits me
over the head with a bat.
I don't remember much after that.
But I'm telling ya. it's
the family from Harlem.
They came and there's 23 people dead.
They seen these guys around before.
I heard about 'em doing things.
(foreboding music)
- [Giacomo] That's the whole story. huh?
- That's it.
- That's all you could remember?
I'm willing to do anything
to take these guys down.
Anything you want.
It's the kind of guy I am.
- You're not doing nothing.
You keep yourself quiet. you be silent.
You don't know me.
You've never seen me before.
- [Vito] Understood.
- Okay. so now you tell me.
- Okay.
I'm doing 35 million a month.
Just like my old man did.
which you know my old man.
I both want them to
go. they gotta go away.
They gotta go.
Carmine and Joe.
This all started when he slapped
some guy around from fuckin' Chinatown.
That's when this all started.
Joe got a big chip on his shoulder.
We weren't involved in that.
We got our business going.
We're making big money for the family.
This is what I'm telling you.
He's getting involved in too many things.
him and Carmine. and
Carmine goes along with it.
They're laughing at you. okay?
You want me to tell you why?
With this computer shit and the tech.
they think the old school
guys are gone. we're nothing.
You know what they call.
you know what I heard one of 'em say?
That we were paper gangsters.
Why don't you bring that back to Italy?
- Other families. other people.
other cultures coming
in. doing our dirty work.
doing any kind of work.
This is what the family's about.
This is what we call family.
You talk about technology. being updated.
This is. this is unheard of.
- Listen. he used these people before.
He uses these guys from ya.
Listen. I'm telling you I
wouldn't be at this table
if this wasn't very important.
- This is not the way your
father handled business.
- They both have to go.
- [Giacomo] So. uh. let
me ask you a question.
Where have you been?
- I've been laying low.
- You've been laying low.
- I been laying low.
- Then who put the hit on Joe?
- I did.
- You did.
You laid low when you put a hit on Joe.
So why?
- Because he got an outside family
to do his dirty work.
(speaks Italian) from Harlem.
- [Giacomo] And you think this is good?
- Are you telling me that woulda flew
back then with my dad?
He gets somebody from the
outside family to come in?
I sat down with three families
and we discussed this.
The guy's out of fuckin' control.
He's just out of control.
We all agreed on it.
I put the hit on him.
I'm the boss.
- Now that I'm here.
there's gonna be big changes. okay?
- Yes. yes. that's why I'm here.
- This is not kindergarten.
There's a way to do things.
and this is not the way we do things.
You understand?
- Yes I do. but he's a sneaky little fuck.
- All right.
- He's a sneaky little fuck
with his computer.
the technology. all this.
they both gotta go.
Carmine and him gotta go.
That's all I'm askin'.
They gotta go.
- Well. you wait.
- Understood.
- You don't push.
You don't move quick.
That's why we're here. we're talking.
- Understood.
- And when you talk about
things. things work out.
You understand?
- I under. I understand you 100%.
- You wanna keep Brooklyn?
- Yes. I do.
And another thing. if you
think he respects you.
he didn't tell you a fucking thing.
I told you everything from the heart.
This is somebody you trust in a family?
This is somebody you want
to stand for the family?
I don't think so.
I don't think this is what you guys want.
- Okay. the Don is gonna
come down from Sicily.
and there's gonna be big changes.
And it's gonna be good for you.
Stay low. we. okay?
Especially this guy.
- [Vincenzo] Understood.
- Okay. we'll get back to you.
And you. you're gonna
point out everybody. okay?
I wanna know exactly
who they are. all right?
You got it?
- We could do that.
- Okay. boys. the meeting is over.
- [Vincenzo] Thanks. Giacomo.
- All right.
- Appreciate it.
(ominous music)
(car door clicks)
- These guys. they come in here.
they shot up the place.
I feel like going in and knocking
their fuckin' teeth down their throat.
- Hey. look. take it fuckin' easy here.
This is not the way we do things here.
I just wanna know what went down.
who they were. and what you know.
- Listen. I was out here. I seen the guys.
There was at least several of 'em.
Right. they're over here.
runnin' their mouth. breakin' balls.
They start shooting up the place.
I can't take this. man.
I'm gonna go in there
and knock their teeth
down their throat.
- No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
I'm gonna take care of it.
You understand?
- Yeah. I gotcha.
- And look at me when
you're talking to me.
I run the show here. not you.
Now you go and you keep yourself clean
until I see you again.
You watch yourself and watch your mouth.
- Understood.
(upbeat jazz music)
- You two guys. man.
You guys are really stressing me out.
You have a very simple.
very simple perimeter.
135th. 137th. all right?
Come on now. Seattle. man.
Let's go. let's go.
Chop. chop. man.
You guys are making me look
like a jackass right now.
Let's go. let's get outta here.
Let's get those corners. man.
Let's make it happen.
Come on now. come on.
Tell your story walking. man.
- Sorry.
- Let's go.
(fist thudding)
- What's up. boss?
- I'm tired of it. man.
We've been together all this time.
and. you know. I'm tired. man.
So we've been in this
game. what. a long time.
what. 25. 30 years?
Something like that.
- Yeah. it's been a long time.
- It's been a long time.
- Long time.
- I don't know how much
longer I can do this.
I'm just tired. man.
I mean. I was thinking
about putting my sword down.
handing my shield over to you.
I don't think I can do this anymore.
Are you ready for some
more responsibility?
- Yeah.
- Listen to you can't.
no sleeping on this job
because if you sleep
you'll. you'll die. man.
Are you ready?
- I'm ready.
- Okay.
We'll have a cup of
coffee after the meeting
and we'll work out the details. all right?
- All right.
- Thank you. brother.
All right. let's go.
Okay. let's figure it out.
- All right.
- All right. brother?
(upbeat jazz music)
(crowd chattering)
(upbeat rhythmic music)
(foot thudding)
(door crashing)
(people shouting)
(gunshots blasting)
(guns firing)
(man screaming)
(man groaning)
- [Man] Fuck you.
(gun fires)
(footsteps thudding)
(suspenseful rhythmic music)
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Yo. what the fuck is going on?
- Listen. go round up everybody.
Tell 'em all to let's go. all right?
We gotta get everybody up.
Tell them all to come up right now.
- Okay.
- Let's go.
(suspenseful rhythmic music)
(guns firing)
(people shouting)
(rapid gunfire popping)
(guns firing)
(man screaming)
- Fuck. I'm hurt (screams).
I'm hurt. I'm hurt!
(man shouting)
(gun firing)
(suspenseful rhythmic music continues)
(ominous music)
- Oh. God. God. fuck!
Fuckin'. oh. God!
Oh. God!
Those fucking!
(man shouting)
Oh. God (shouting indistinctly)!
Oh. God. no!
(shouting indistinctly) No. man. no!
God. ah!
oh God (screaming)!
Oh. God (screaming)!
(phone ringing)
- [Operator] This is the operator.
- This is Adinak. give me
Joe Molinari right now!
Right now!
- [Operator] Your call
is being transferred.
(rotary dial rattling)
(ominous music)
(cell phone ringing)
- Yeah.
Put him through.
- There's someone came in
and ambushed my entire crew!
My entire crew!
- Oh. whoa. oh. relax.
What are you screaming about?
- I don't know what happened.
Send in. get someone now!
- No. we know nothing about this.
That wasn't us.
Ah. hey. listen. listen. hold on.
Calm down.
I'm gonna send a cleanup
crew over there. okay?
All right. listen. you hold on.
I'm sending a car for you. too.
All right. calm down.
Calm down. calm down.
All right. bye.
(telephone ringing)
- [Operator] Your call
is being transferred.
- All right. put him through.
Give me the address.
I'm on my way.
(light Celtic music)
(van engine rumbling)
We're the cleanup crew.
- No one's taking Snake's body.
- We're taking it 'cause
this never happened.
(cell phone ringing)
Answer your phone.
- Hello?
- [Operator] This is the operator.
- Hey. listen. there's a
car pulling up right now.
I want you to leave the
gun. and come right now.
You got it?
Leave the gun. get in the car. come now.
(car engine roaring)
(car door clicks)
(car engine rumbling)
- All right. you know the deal.
clean 'em. wrap 'em.
Just another job for the invisible.
Clean 'em. wrap 'em. tie 'em.
Go outside and get the
rest of the gentlemen.
We have a fine job here today.
I don't want you pickpocketing anybody.
Take care of it. please.
Cut them up good. wrap 'em good.
I don't wanna see blood in the van.
(ominous music)
- We got a problem.
- [Joe] What's the matter?
- Our crew in Harlem got wiped out.
- [Joe] (breath whooshes)
Do we know who did it?
- I think it's the old country. Joe.
- [Joe] Those bastards.
- We're gonna have a problem.
- [Joe] All right. let's get right on it.
- Okay.
(woman vocalizing)
- Hello.
- [Operator] This is the operator.
- This is 22.
I wanna speak to 37.
- [Operator] Your call
is being transferred.
(woman vocalizing continues)
(rotary dial rattling)
(cell phone ringing)
- Yeah. yeah. go ahead. put him through.
Hey. (speaks Italian). how are ya?
Yeah. yeah.
- Hey. listen.
A lot of things went down
here that I was not aware of.
- Well. all things.
I-I'm hearing a lot here
on the street to be honest with ya.
I mean. I. I mean something's going down.
No. no. no. no.
No. you shouldn't. don't feel that way
because whatever we did. believe me.
we had your interest in mind.
Whatever we did. it was.
it wasn't. uh. selfish.
It wasn't just about us.
It was for the family.
I mean. what we did. we had to do.
- You never told me anything about this.
I'm here for a certain amount
of time. but you know what?
I'm gonna stay a little bit longer.
- This wasn't a selfish.
motivated move. believe me.
We were thinking of all
of us. including you.
- I want a meeting tomorrow.
And you make sure that Joe is with you.
You got it?
- Tomorrow?
Does Joe know?
I'll reach out to Joe.
Yeah.
Yeah. but don't. don't feel that way.
I'll see you tomorrow.
We'll both be there.
All right. bye-bye.
(woman vocalizing)
- (speaks Italian). John.
- (speaks Italian). Joe.
- (speaks Italian)
- Eh. Joe. (speaks Italian).
- Eh. Snake. (speaks Italian)?
- Snake (speaks Italian).
(Joe speaking Italian)
(John speaking Italian)
- All right. Joe.
(footsteps rustling)
(suspenseful music)
- So. Styles. I gotta
tell you something. okay?
This is some serious stuff going on here.
We can't control it if you don't follow
directions a hundred percent.
We're gonna all get whacked.
Your family. gone.
We're gonna get whacked. too.
Giuseppe.
- Styles. we meet again.
- Yeah.
How ya doin'?
- What happened?
- They ambushed us.
Came out and took out Snakes.
They killed my whole crew.
You even look like one of
the guys. I don't know.
We just all got ambushed. man.
- Well. it definitely wasn't us.
but we know who did it.
And the team that did it
is a very powerful crew.
They're actually higher
than our development here.
so we have to play this
chess game perfectly.
otherwise we're all gonna
be in a world of shit.
So your cell phone's been destroyed
because if they woulda tracked you here
and know that you're alive.
they'll come and kill
your family and your kids.
So it's important. all right.
give him another phone. John.
- Okay.
So Styles. listen and
listen carefully. okay?
This phone has been sensitized. man.
It's fully clean. untraceable.
That means you only call who
we tell you you can call.
Anybody tries to trace it.
it's gonna go to Taiwan.
Okay. so be careful with this.
They'll find you and your
family if you mess up.
You got me?
- [Styles] Gotcha.
- This'll be over in a couple of months.
We'll need you to stay
put in the safe house.
- Listen. I'm reading
your body language. man.
And I'm reading the anger.
I get it.
You saw everyone you know
and care about killed.
but I'll tell you who didn't get killed.
You didn't get killed.
and your wife and kids
didn't get killed. and you
wanna keep it that way.
So don't go off script.
Don't go being a hero.
Stay put. he'll let you
know when it's time for you
to do something. you understand that?
You got me?
Don't mess up. understand?
- I understand.
I'll play this game.
I'll do whatever it is you ask me to do.
but when I resurface. I'm
coming back with a vengeance.
- Granted.
Okay. John. take him out.
- Eh. Joe.
- Got it.
- Styles. let's go.
(woman singing in foreign language)
(cell phone ringing)
- Hello.
- Adeet.
Good to hear your voice again.
I'm afraid I'm not calling to say hi.
(fountain water burbling)
- Well. I have to be honest with you.
I didn't think I was
gonna hear from you now.
- We've got a problem.
- But. I will say it is
good to hear your voice.
- There was a major hit
here from the council.
Hit our interests pretty hard.
There's a war coming.
We need you on our side again.
- Was it the council that put out the hit?
- You remember when our fathers went into
that meeting one time from the council.
you and I were probably
about 16 years old then.
We went into the grand ballroom.
we snuck around the back.
We were told we weren't
allowed in the meeting.
but we heard everything
that was in the meeting.
We stood on our knees.
listening to that meeting
for two and a half hours.
And when we both left.
we promised ourselves
that when it was time
for us to run the family.
we knew that we needed to make a change.
We knew that the council was not
gonna put us in their big plan.
They tried to rub our fathers
out. but they couldn't.
But you knew that they
were gonna rub us out.
- Yeah. I remember those days.
Seemed a bit simpler. huh?
Feels like now we're just
going to war with everybody.
Shame.
- As much as I don't wanna
say this. my old friend.
I need you to come back.
We need to take care
of business once more.
- Even when we was kids
(fountain water burbling)
at 16 years old.
you and I were ready to run the family.
And they knew that.
You know. the council
has about 20.000 men.
We don't have anything close to that.
How do you plan on winning this?
Okay. I'm in. you know that.
I'll take the first plane out tomorrow.
(woman singing in foreign
language continues)
- No need for that. I've
sent my plane to get you now.
It should be arriving in three hours.
Have a safe journey.
I'll see you when you arrive.
(Joe speaks Italian)
- That works.
Okay.
And I'll look forward to
seeing your plane here tonight.
(tense ominous music)
(gentle foreboding music)
- I don't know. you really think
there's something to worry about?
- Look. the whole thing
just seems out of place.
I mean. the fact that they did not tell us
about the hit leads me to believe
that they don't want us in
to what's going on. right?
Why would not. why wouldn't
they reach out to us
and let us know that
they were gonna do it?
Even if we were against it.
- Yeah. but we haven't heard anything.
There's nothing definitely concrete.
- Oh. I heard it for sure.
Yeah. they. it is confirmed
that they did the hit.
I think the problem was the hit.
We had the Harlem family make
the hit on the social club.
Now when they sat us down at.
you know when I was
being drilled over this.
I never told them who put the hit on it.
I just said that the hit came from us.
But what I'm thinking
is that piece of shit.
Jocko from Sicily. looked
into it a little bit further.
dug his nose where it don't belong.
and wanted to make a
sweet commotion about it.
And to show us that
they know about it now.
they killed 45 of them.
- [Carmine] The old man
is going to be here today?
- The Don will be here.
- [Carmine] He will.
How many guys are gonna be with him?
- Uh. my sources say at least 60.
- If they have any intent
to either shelving us
or removing us completely.
they can do it anytime
they want. let's face it.
He's got the power.
He's got the word.
And all he's gotta do is
give his word and we're gone.
- Well. I have a secret weapon.
- What's that?
- Something we've been working on
for the last couple of years.
It's. it's revolutionary.
It's mind-blowing.
We've put all of our interests
in the last couple of years.
since the first hit.
on this new technology
that. uh. that I'd like to show you.
(cell phone ringing)
Hold on a second.
Let me get this.
Hello?
- Hey. Joe. yeah.
Listen. we cannot confirm that the meeting
you and Carmine are going to
is an assassination attempt.
Now. all the information.
we don't have anything.
But listen. you have
to go to this meeting.
If you don't go. it's an all out war.
- Okay.
All right. just get the men ready.
- We're ready to go.
We got guys. and we've
got a couple of guys
they don't even know about
on the inside. all right?
Listen. keep in touch.
Let me know how it goes. all right. Joe?
All right.
- And wait for my signal.
All right. my team can't confirm
if this is definitely
going to be a hit or not.
so I think we're 50-50 here.
- Here's what I think.
We go in. we try and case.
and get a feel for the
room and who's there.
Look. we've been through
this a hundred times.
usually on the other end.
If we go in and after a
certain point they separate us.
I think that's a telltale
sign we're in deep shit.
Uh. so we're gonna have to have a plan.
I mean. we just can't go in there
and. uh. and lay down for these guys.
If they. if they got
that kind of intentions.
I wanna at least go out fighting.
- I agree.
If they separate us. they're gonna execute
one of us or both of us.
We can't take a chance.
The separation is not good.
If the meeting doesn't go as planned.
if they don't hear what they want.
you're gonna have to be the one
to do what you have to do.
because they'll assassinate me before you.
So if they separate us and they take you
to a. to a separate room and they can't
strike a deal with you.
or they feel that you'll retaliate.
which they know how close we are.
they'll probably kill you. too.
So you'll have to get the first chance.
You go in that room.
You ask to be excused.
You come out and you just
start blowing everybody away.
And we'll meet up with you.
- I haven't carried a piece
in about 15. 20 years.
- Today's gonna be the day (chuckles).
Here you go.
You got eight shots in there.
- We don't know how many
guys are there. do we?
- I don't. but I would imagine
if they take you to a room
there's not gonna be any
more than five to eight.
- Let's hope not.
- We'll hear the gunshots.
We already have people ready to go.
We'll at least get by today.
We'll just plan for what comes after next.
Let's just hope it's a stiff fine.
That's what I'm hoping for.
- Oh. they may shelve us.
That's what I'm thinking.
My gut feeling is they shelve us.
They put us both on the shelf.
they put their own guys in from Italy.
They've been doing that shit now.
That's like a regular thing. you know?
- Yeah. but that's not
gonna work for my family.
- No. me neither. but. you know.
It might work for his and
that's what I'm afraid of.
- We got guys ready to go.
but these two guys right here
can take on 50 men at least.
- [Carmine] Okay.
- Look. I'm hoping it's just a stiff fine.
We get a stiff fine.
we pay the fine and that's it.
- [Carmine] You think he would come in
all the way from Italy.
and have his whole crew
here if it was just a fine?
- No. I don't.
I think this is something serious.
and I don't think we're gonna like
the outcome of this meeting one bit.
- [Carmine] No.
- Honestly. if it wasn't for you.
I probably would not even go.
But we can't confirm right now
that it's a hit from my sources.
so on the inside the
meeting could go 50-50.
All right. so we agree.
you get separated. you start immediately.
You take down whoever's in
the room and then it's on.
- Okay.
- Okay. let's go.
- [Carmine] Let's do it.
(gentle foreboding music continues)
(car engine rumbling)
- [Joe] Don.
- Thank you. boys. for coming.
We appreciate that you showed up.
I mean. with all this guessing games.
- Well. you've certainly been
busy the last 24 hours. right?
Making a ruckus and definitely
getting our attention.
- Well. there's. there's
things that I'm not used to.
In Sicily. we don't. we
don't handle things the way.
but respect and order
is most important to us.
- [Man Sitting At Desk] I agree.
- Well. they're here for us.
I don't remember seeing them
in the last two weeks when I got shot.
- Yeah. we didn't get
any communication when-
- [Giacomo] Wait. wait.
wait. did you respond to us.
or did you go on your own?
We knew nothing. and
that's why we're here.
I keep repeating myself.
We're here because we want to communicate.
We have to know exactly what's going on.
Not just a little bit waiting for some.
you say. an informant. bullshit informant.
We wanna know from you.
Not that we have to go looking around
to see what's going on.
- I think maybe you're forgetting
that the Molinari family combined
with Carmine's family and
all of our American families.
give you $80 million a year.
Wouldn't you suggest to
maybe lend a helping hand
for one of the heads of the family members
to have been. attempted
to be assassinated?
Wouldn't you lend a hand over?
Uh. that wasn't such the case.
Uh. in fact. you know. no disrespect here.
but your organization collectively
made only 19 million in Sicily.
when we give you $80 million a year.
and our combined American families
make over $800 million a year.
So I don't understand what the issue is
when you're getting paid more and more.
and then the last five years
there's been 25% increase
in the revenue that we've given.
What could be more important
than what's going on
with the revenue stream?
- I don't like the way you handled it.
- And we didn't know about it.
- You say that we knew about it.
Go ahead and speak to them.
- Yeah. you said we knew about it.
but we didn't know about it.
We had to find out about it.
- [Joe] Well. you knew
that the hit came from us.
I didn't go into specifics on who exactly
killed everyone in the social club.
- Yeah. but you know.
you're supposed to be
trusted (exhales loudly)
and represent the family.
Your father was trusted.
You took over. but I don't understand
how you do this without
us knowing about it.
- [Joe] Well. gee. I didn't
know there was any rules.
especially when there's an attempted
assassination on my life.
- Yeah. but we're here
also to protect you. too.
- [Joe] Where were you?
- Where were we?
- [Joe] Yeah. two weeks
with a bullet in my stomach.
killing everybody that was involved.
and I had. I had no help from Sicily.
Why would I ask for this?
- [Carmine] Silence.
Yeah. the silence was. you
know. it spoke volumes.
I mean. we were sitting there thinking
maybe you guys turned your back on us.
- [Joe] And you know. you
still got your vig every month.
- The move was made. and
the reason it was made
was to keep the heat off of us and you.
We. that's the whole reason
this went down this way.
You remember what the old story was?
And maybe. you know.
people seem to forget.
you got those guys in the
clubs and in those bars.
they're nothing but big mouths.
We never operated that way.
His father never operated that way.
It was always the shadows.
Do you remember?
We used to use that term a lot.
- [Giacomo] Yeah. I remember.
- Well. it's the same way we handled this.
We kept ourselves out of it so that
if anybody was gonna
go down and get caught
or do time and get pinched.
it wouldn't come back to us.
We stayed out of it.
which kept you out of it.
So I don't know why all
the feelings are hurt.
We know you had to hear of it.
When a boss gets shot. that
word travels around the world.
You got to know about it.
- [Giacomo] Gentlemen.
That's not the way we-
- We're your number one earner.
$80 million a year is
what's given to Sicily.
- [Giacomo] I just said
it's not the money here.
We appreciate it.
And we're making money.
- So if it's not about the
money. what is it about?
- [Man Sitting At Desk] Honor.
- So you're mad because the black family
in Harlem hit the social club?
Would you have rather
than an Italian hit it?
Is that what this is?
Are we on now on the same level
as the social club people?
I thought we were the
people running the scenes.
- The reason that decision
was made. honestly.
was to keep the heat off of us and you.
- Well. the reason why I came down here.
because there's a
problem here in New York.
And I didn't come down here to sightsee.
So I'm not very happy.
- It was too quick of a
decision we had to make.
- [Man Sitting At Desk] We have to know.
- We told you that the hit came from us.
We didn't go into specifics.
I don't see where the.
where. where the problem is.
- [Giacomo] You don't
see where the problem is.
- We found out afterwards.
So as of right now. my
decision. and my final decision
is I'm gonna shelf you. Joe.
And that's the reason why we're here.
because we didn't know.
Anything he does. you
have to report to Carmine.
and that's the way we gotta leave it.
- I don't. I don't think you need
to take these drastic measures.
I think that's premature.
Joe's been working with
me for a hundred years.
You know. the relationship
I had with his father.
I think that's premature.
and I don't think
it's necessary.
- I respected his family.
I respected his father. but Joe is being
shelfed is my final decision.
- Look. I respect Carmine.
but the Molinari family
will not surrender to anyone.
nor will it take orders
from any outside parties.
Our organization stems to be powerful
and wealthy at the same time.
which we have achieved that.
You went on this little rampage
where you decided to assassinate 45 people
that were under my protection.
made me look like a total jackass.
You shut the whole American
family situation down.
You've actually disrupted
the revenue chain.
Now the whole system in Harlem
is disrupted because of you.
You've absolutely annihilated the people
who were running that.
So if it's a matter of a fine. gentlemen.
I'm okay with it. but I
will not be laying down
to any family today.
- There's no excuse for this.
I didn't come all the
way from Sicily for this.
Joe. I'm gonna shelve you. Joe.
Carmine. will you excuse me and Joe?
And Joe alone.
I dismiss you.
- Look. I'm not trying to
upset anything here. okay?
At the end of the day.
I'm all about the money.
Whoa. give me 30 seconds.
Okay. give me 30 seconds to explain
what the Molinari family
is doing right now.
marrying artificial technology.
AI. with human robotics.
It's gonna revolutionize
our revenue chain.
Just give me 30 seconds.
I'll even set my alarm here.
That's all I want.
(watch beeping)
If you don't like it. you can kill me.
The Molinari family has been
combining AI intelligence.
combined with nanotechnology
and human robotics.
We have been making robots.
They're 10 times faster.
stronger. and smarter
than the average human being.
And the T25 should be
here any minute to get me.
- What the fuck you talking
about. Joe?
(gun firing)
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Get Carmine out of the building.
Kill everyone here and return
him back to the villa safe.
(gun firing)
(keyboard clacking)
- Please!
(gunshot blasts)
- I've seen that before.
gunshot wound to the liver.
You don't have much time.
maybe 10 minutes.
(man groans)
This is all because of your foolish ways.
Come all the way down here from Sicily
and try to tell us how to run things.
Mark my words today that we're gonna kill
and annihilate every one of you.
You started this.
- Hold on.
Hold on. sir.
I gotta check you out.
- Oh. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
This is Carmine (laughs).
Dons don't carry guns.
- Oh. okay.
- Look at this guy.
he's ready for retirement.
- Okay. no disrespect.
- Let him go.
- No disrespect.
- Jesus. one misstep and
they're so afraid of you.
Come on.
- You're not afraid of me. right?
- Look. I. (laughs) of course.
(footsteps pattering)
(tense foreboding music)
- You used to work for this guy?
- (scoffs) Yeah. a long time ago.
Now I'm making twice as much.
and I don't have to about a corpse
breathing down my neck.
(men laughing)
- Yeah. he's a waste.
- Yeah. buddy. you
better think about that.
- Hey. listen. working
for the Salvatore family.
I like it a lot.
You know. let's just put it that way.
Where the real action is.
- All right.
- Yeah.
- Just keep your eyes open.
- Yeah. I wouldn't worry about that.
- Yeah (laughing). exactly.
- He's an old timer.
- Old. Don.
what are you doing in there?
- [Man] Hey Don. hey Don.
- Can't answer. is he dying?
(men laughing)
- I know it.
- Hey. hey. he probably wants someone
to come out and kick your ass now.
- I'm so afraid.
(men laughing)
How would he do that?
Would his back break?
You need a. you need a hand in there?
You need some help?
I got your walker outside if you want one.
It's (laughing).
(door squeaks)
(gun firing)
- Carmine.
Oh. please. please.
- I'm not gonna shoot ya.
(gun clatters)
You're not afraid of me. right?
- Oh. oh. that's just a joke. Carmine.
- It's a joke. you're (speaks Italian) .
Yah!
(blood sloshing)
(flesh squelching)
(gunshot blasts)
(gun firing)
(Carmine breathing loudly)
(footsteps pattering)
(tense foreboding music)
(guns firing)
- Drop your gun or I'll
blow your brains out.
(bones crunch)
(gun firing)
(tense foreboding music continues)
(door latch clicks)
- Whoa!
Where's Joe?
- He's fine.
- Where is he?
- Follow me.
Stay behind me.
(gunshots blasting)
(tense foreboding music continues)
- Oh. shit.
(gun fires)
(guns firing)
- [Man] Gotcha!
- [Man] Fuck you!
(gun firing)
- Saddle up.
Let's have the vans
running in five minutes.
and this time don't forget the gloves.
- You want your piece boss?
- I always want my piece.
Let me explain.
I went on a job with my pops.
and one of those guineas
were on the floor.
still alive. killed one of my men.
So from now on the only thing
that's gonna be on the
floor is gonna be dead.
Do ya hear me?
- Clancy. it seems like we're
getting a lot of work lately.
- Let me tell you something
about the Molinari family.
Joe was 16 when he had
taken over the family.
and his father didn't even know it.
All's I can tell ya. he's
not a man to be fooled with.
and the invisible will remain invisible.
(light Celtic music)
Guys. you know what to do.
I don't want no blood in my van.
(gunshot blasts)
- [Man] What do you wanna
do with the building
after we do the bodies. torch it?
(gunshot blasts)
All right. guys. well. let's get rid
of these bodies. come on.
(gunshot blasts)
(light Celtic music continues)
(ominous music)
(dramatic orchestral music)
(men speaking Italian)
(men laughing)
- I hate. I hate flying these things.
I just hate it.
- And they're so cheap now.
(utensil clacking)
(men chattering)
(men speaking Italian)
- You got your community running it.
(fork clinking)
- Can I get your attention for a minute?
First of all. thank
you all for coming down
on such short notice to
this emergency meeting.
but there's a lot that has gone on.
And unfortunately there's
a lot more to come.
And I thought that we'd get together
in this private emergency
meeting and discuss it.
so you all know what's
happening. because if you don't.
you might take it the wrong way
and not understand what we're doing.
By the time we leave here today.
I promise you you'll all
know what has happened.
why it happened. how it happened.
But most importantly.
you're gonna understand
and know what's about to happen. okay?
Which. uh. which is gonna be huge.
- Before we get into all that.
I need you to know that we lost
six of our guys last night.
Not just my guys. our guys. six.
And you know how they took 'em out?
They took 'em out Sicilian style.
Old school. Sicilian
style. they took 'em out.
I'm here to tell you that today.
There's a reason why that happened. right?
We all know.
We all know why that's happening.
It's starting up again.
It's rolling out (speaks Italian).
- Listen. (exhales loudly)
I'm sure you know. like
everyone at this table.
I'm the last guy that ever wants war.
If you remember when we had that huge.
huge blow up. and there was a
big (speaks Italian) member.
and Vincenzo stalled out on me
because he wanted to
start whacking everybody.
I don't like war.
- I think now's the time
to grow a set of balls.
We have to strike. and we
can't take this lightly.
The fact of the matter
is that Carmine and I
were ready to be executed
a couple of days ago.
And now we're sitting
here asking ourselves.
do we want war or we don't want war?
There's no choice.
They drew first blood.
Had it not been for the key intelligence
that we had outside looking in.
we would have both been
in the ground by now.
I'm a hundred percent sure on that.
- But it's here.
It's no stopping. all right?
You lost some guys yesterday.
We're gonna get some of theirs tomorrow.
That's the way it always goes.
The Molinaris. they got something here.
They got something that's gonna end this
and end it quick. all right?
You back in business.
it's gonna put you back in business.
and it's gonna put you back in business.
Don Carmine. why don't you tell
everybody here at the table
exactly what it is that you saw.
- If I tell you this.
you're gonna not believe.
but I'm gonna tell you something.
first what stays in this room.
This is about the most important
and biggest move we ever made.
and biggest investment.
I saw on TV a special. years
back. in Japan somewhere
they were making these
robotic. lifelike figures.
And I thought. wow. that's pretty cool.
I said. but you could still tell
there's something not natural. not real.
even though they had a
flesh skin and everything.
You gotta laugh because
Joe has always kept me
in tune with. with all the technology.
You know. if you remember
a couple years ago
we took that route because of him.
with all the traffic lights and everything
we were controlling.
He took it 10. 10 years.
10 light years ahead.
We've got. for lack of a better word.
we got robots.
That's a. that's an insult
to call them robots.
We've got lifelike. guys.
- Assassins.
One could be sitting at this table.
and I swear to God. you would never know.
It's like nothing I've ever seen.
All I know is when they separated us
we knew we were two minutes
from gettin' whacked.
He got out. and one of
these T-Rex. Ty-rod.
teat. whatever the hell you call 'em.
appeared out of nowhere.
Took me. put me behind him.
And it was like walking
in front of a steel wall.
He whacked about 50 guys.
right in front of me.
while blocking me. and taking me
and escorting me out to meet Joe.
This is shit I can't believe still.
I still don't believe what I saw.
And if you guys see
this. this is the future.
And with this we will be.
we'll run the whole gamut for good.
- This is a cyborg infiltration unit.
part man. part machine.
On the inside. it's a
titanium alloy combat chassis.
microprocessor driven.
very tough. very durable.
On the inside. it's a living human tissue.
organically grown in our labs.
Skin. nails. hair. everything.
Everything that makes a human. a human.
- We have Giancarlo Luca here from Sicily
who's giving us the support from.
as one of the five family members.
the heads of the family there in Sicily.
he's taken upon himself to come here
on a very dangerous trip to
show his support and loyalty.
And thank you very much for coming.
(Giancarlo speaking Italian)
(men speaking Italian)
- Two years ago. we bought
5.000 acres in Nevada.
in the middle of the desert. nowhere.
The Molinari family built a
production facility there.
They brought in the best scientists.
the best programmers.
the best metal workers.
Right now we have 88 of
these units completed
and ready to unleash upon our enemies.
Gentlemen. I'd like to turn your attention
to the monitor and see
for yourself the T25.
(suspenseful music)
If you turn your attention
to the monitor. you're
gonna see the production.
There it is as we're loading
in trucks of titanium.
Here are the scientists.
They're inspecting it.
Every scientist has been
vetted by the Molinari people.
They're not allowed to leave the facility.
In fact. once they're done here.
we haven't even decided what
we're gonna do with 'em.
Here they are coming off the line.
You can see the programmers
inspecting their microprocessor.
Gentlemen. what we've
developed is beyond anything
that you have seen on this planet.
These are the most
efficient killing machines
that has ever been developed.
Nothing kills more efficiently.
Nothing kills more cleanly.
and is completely untraceable back to us.
(man speaking Italian)
(men speaking Italian)
- And to add to that. I didn't come here
just to have some pasta and some cheese.
some imported cheeses and wine.
I came back as a favor to Don Joe.
But if you remember what I said
before this whole thing started.
that we should have
taken care of the problem
in Italy a long time ago.
So now I vow to make
sure I will promise you
I will go back there and
take care of this problem.
make sure it's carried out to a T.
Agreed?
- I heard on the streets in Italy.
a whole group of guys killed the Don.
- That was no group of guys.
That was one T25 in action.
- Salute.
- Before we adjourn gentlemen.
I just wanna remind everybody
about Don Carmine's directive.
What you hear here. stays here.
(gunshot blasts)
(men shouting in Italian)
- Hey. what's the matter with you?
- Sit down. sit down.
- Easy. guys.
That's a T25. that's a T25.
- It's a roboto?
- T25. state your prime directive.
- To serve and protect the
Molinari family at all costs.
- We did tell you that
one could be sitting
right amongst us. you would never know it.
This is incredible
technology we got a hold of.
We knew he was a traitor.
and we knew he was leaking
family secrets out.
and we knew he had to go.
With the help of this technology.
this is how swift we can respond and act.
All you guys are safe.
All you guys are in good standing with us.
You have nothing to worry about.
And we're gonna get
together again very soon
and talk about the next steps.
- It's time to tie up the
loose ends. gentlemen.
He was a key focus leaking. uh.
intelligent information
back over to Sicily.
We found out about it months ago.
and we just decided to play the game.
but we're glad to see
you had an opportunity
to see what the T25 can do.
- What is that thing again?
- The T25.
- Here's business with you.
- [All] Salute.
- Salute. gentlemen.
(phone ringing)
- [Operator] Your call
is being transferred.
(dramatic whooshing)
(phone ringing)
- Now listen to me and
listen to me clearly.
You get on the next plane.
and I want you to kill Joe's sister.
and whoever she's with. everybody.
You take everybody out.
I'm gonna send a message to this guy.
a clear message to this guy.
You got me?
And then you get back to me.
I wanna let 'em know that Sicily
owns his family.
and that this has just been
a temporary situation for him.
(gentle Italian folk music)
(man speaking Italian)
(woman speaking Italian)
(woman laughs)
- Is that why you waited
so long to ask me out to dinner?
(both laughing)
You know. he's overproductive.
but I think he'd be very
happy with this decision.
If you look at my past and
the men I've dated before.
you're perfect for me.
How could he argue with that?
(man speaking Italian)
- (laughs) I love the
way you talk (laughs).
(man speaking Italian)
(woman speaking Italian)
- Oh.
- Huh (laughs).
(woman speaking Italian)
(ominous music)
(man speaking Italian)
(guns firing)
(woman screaming)
(suspenseful music)
- All right.
We're the first people that get called
for something like this.
This is a family business.
We set a scene that we can control.
That's the key.
We don't like questions.
Right now there are 15
of us involved in this.
Do you see what your
uncle has?
- Yeah.
- You see what this family has?
The FBI didn't do shit. okay?
You get $80.000 and a pension.
Maybe you can live somewhere in Florida
with a bunch of old people when you're 80.
You want money now. though. okay?
To get money now. you do
what we're doing here.
As I said. 15 of us. you're number 16.
We don't need a 16th.
Love you like an uncle.
but I'll bury you like a corpse.
Keep your mouth shut.
you continue getting paid.
- And this just works
out smooth every time.
- Well. that's why they call me. Travis.
I'm Mr. a hundred. a hundred percent.
no mistakes. all A's.
And also those who call
us. they're invisible.
The invisible stay invisible.
We don't talk about 'em.
We don't see 'em.
(ominous music)
(door whooshing)
All right. Travis. let's
see what we got here.
(camera clicks)
Oh. yeah.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
This is definitely a situation.
Uh. Joanne. fill me in.
- All right. we got
crime family scene here.
- Uh. no shit.
- We got Salvatore Pastore.
We sent him off to the hospital.
- Uh-huh.
- We got five shots here.
Unknown. we don't know who that is.
- [John] All right. don't
worry about it. uh-huh.
- [Joanne] We got two
civilians over there.
- Yeah.
Okay. so we got three
shots. uh. this unknown.
couple of very unfortunate
bystanders right there.
Uh. all right. this is what we're gonna.
oh. and a crap meal on the table.
Um. all right. area that
nobody's gonna worry about.
We wanna keep this all on the down low.
Herb will take care of ourselves.
- [Joanne] What are you talking about?
- Okay. questions cause problems.
Silence gets paid. shh.
We'll handle her.
We know what we're doing over here.
You want to do things
that help us. Joanne.
and also not ask questions and talk back.
'Cause you know. when you talk back
you start shoveling dog shit for a living.
and you don't wanna be doing that.
You wanna keep collecting those paychecks
so you can get your hair did.
You feel me?
Um. these guys. uh. these are
definitely. you know what?
God bless.
Unfortunate situation over here.
This is a very unfortunate situation.
These were innocent
bystanders who unfortunately
came upon a terrible
situation and got shot.
Uh. I want the jewels off there.
I want any money taken out of there.
That was a robbery gone wrong.
Unfortunate situation for
this wonderful establishment.
Um. everything else we've pretty
much got covered over here.
You guys. uh. three monkeys.
hear no evil. see no evil. speak no evil.
Pretend you're all Helen
Keller. dumb. deaf. and blind.
Nothing goes beyond this room.
Nothing happened.
No cell phones. no footage
here in this restaurant.
We're gonna take care
of all of this situation
on the down low so that we don't get
uninterested parties involved.
All good?
Nobody saw anything.
I want all. uh.
(camera clicks)
surveillance footage. cell phone footage.
anything that you think might've made it
look like this actually happened.
(camera clicks)
gone. wiped clean.
(footsteps clacking)
(foreboding music)
- Franco.
(Franco speaking Italian)
- Wait outside.
Look what they've done
to my beautiful sister.
You're gonna take her body.
and you're gonna fly it out
to the Las Vegas facility.
Immediately.
- Las Vegas?
Don't you mean in New York?
- Las Vegas.
You're flying her body out.
You're taking it tonight.
You're gonna call Giancarlo.
and inform him of my instructions.
Her body is not to go any place else
but that facility right now.
Get the plane ready and take care of it.
- It's time she should
have a normal burial.
- There is no normal. Franco!
Us. this. nothing we do is normal.
The day you walked into that room
and you were part of the family.
normal was completely off the table.
This is fuckin' war.
and everybody responsible
for this will die.
I will even go after their children.
This is enough. it ends tonight.
Everybody will be completely.
completely fuckin' dead tonight.
Take her body.
It goes to Las Vegas tonight.
(footsteps clattering)
(gentle Asian music)
- Hey. Chin.
- You got some balls
coming up in here. man.
What bringing you over here?
- Listen. take it easy.
Let me speak before you get all crazy.
What happened in Chinatown.
that's water under the bridge.
It wasn't personal.
It was strictly business.
- All right.
- It had nothin' to do with me.
I'm here to talk to you about something
I need you to do for me.
and I'll make it worth your while.
Are you interested?
- I'm listening.
- I need Joe out of the picture.
- Joe.
Joe. don't worry about Carmine.
Forget about fuckin' Carmine. he's old.
- Joe and Carmines are together.
You understand what you asking me to do?
- Yeah. I'm asking you to take out Joe.
I need you to bring
him here on a Saturday.
I'm gonna handle it.
I know you guys meet the
third Saturday of every month.
I need you to bring him here for me.
and I'll take it from there.
What do you think?
- Why should I trust you?
- I will give you more power
on the east and west side.
You and your brother
will have so much money.
you won't even know what to do with it.
but I need Joe gone.
Don't worry about Carmine.
Carmine is old. I can handle him.
What happened in Chinatown
had nothing to do with me.
It's water under the bridge.
It wasn't personal.
It was just business.
And know also. it was a
guy from my social club
that I never even knew
what is was gonna happen.
Otherwise. I woulda stopped it.
You him in here. and I'll
take care of the rest.
That's all I need you
to do. and we're good.
- Okay.
We could work something out.
All right.
(hands clap)
- Deal.
(ominous music)
(footsteps crunching)
(gentle music)
- Carmine. we have a bit of
an issue here in Chinatown.
Frank Chin was recently approached
by one of our family members.
Um. and. uh. Frank. why don't you tell us
exactly what happened. please?
Thank you for coming down. by the way.
- Your guy. Vincenzo.
- [Carmine] Yeah. him again.
- Approach me.
He wanted both of you dead.
- When was this?
- [Frank] Yesterday.
- What'd he say?
- I told him the next
meeting we have this month.
I'll get it done.
- [Carmine] Was anybody else
there when he said this to you?
- No.
- Okay. go ahead.
- Since every month we
meet at the warehouse.
I told him that that would be a good spot
for it to go down.
- I thought he would
have had the sense enough
to stay low. but obviously not. so.
- I. I. I knew he was too hot-headed.
You know. some guys gotta
follow their own destiny.
This guy wants to die.
It's sad. but something you can't.
you can't save guys like him.
It's. they gotta fulfill
their own destiny.
He wants to die. this
guy. so we'll help him.
- That's right.
Due to the good history
that we have together.
that's why I brought this
matter up to you guys.
You know. because this guy.
Vincenzo. it's no good.
It's causing trouble in the neighborhood.
it's causing trouble for my business.
and I just see it's
definitely causing trouble
for you guys as well.
So if taking him out is the best thing.
then let's do it.
- We'll have our team in
place to take care of it
from start to finish.
This way you won't have to get involved
in anything like that.
It's best that you don't.
We've been having some problems
with some of our affiliates overseas.
uh. with some other business matters.
and it really should come from our people.
- Absolutely.
This will go a long way
for you. believe me.
I appreciate you coming in.
- All right.
- You did the right thing.
- Thank you. guys.
- Thank you.
- All right.
(door latch clicks)
- Carmine. why don't we do this?
I'll send the T25s in there.
It'll be clean. it'll be fast.
- Okay.
- And we'll get it done
once and for all.
He's a problem.
he's gotta go.
- It's long overdue.
He's got to go stirring up shit
for how many years. you know.
- Now I will tell you.
he's probably been
talking to Italy as well.
I don't believe for a second
that he's been around a while.
he's got the connections over there.
they might listen to him.
But I. I think we gotta
go forward with this.
- Yeah. that's why we're
getting in the way with them.
We're getting bad blood over there.
Had to be somebody leaking to them
and also feeding them
the wrong kind of info.
- Well. we have to be careful. too.
because he does control all of Brooklyn.
and they're very loyal to him. so.
Uh. we have to make
sure if we take him out.
we take everybody out.
- Yeah. let's do it.
I wanted to do it. you know. a year ago.
We gotta do what we gotta do.
- Okay. so consider it done.
- Good.
- We'll organize everything
this Saturday. and it'll happen.
- Good.
- Okay.
- [Carmine] Let's do it.
(gentle electronic music)
(gentle pensive music)
- [Joe] Why are you up so late?
- Yes. I wanted to talk
to you about your sister.
- What'd she do now?
- She seems to be off.
I seen her today and she
didn't acknowledge me at all.
That's not her.
- Okay. well. uh.
look. it's Tina.
She probably woke up in one of her moods.
drank too much.
I wouldn't worry about it.
- I wanna know what's wrong with her.
I wanna know why she's
always in the wine room
all day and all night.
- I don't know. did you. did you ask her?
- I didn't ask her that. but
I did ask how she was doing.
and she gave me a very brief
response answer back.
and that's not her.
And her face. her face was so pale.
She was very cold and quiet.
She moved away.
She didn't answer me back.
- Look. Lauren. it's late.
You had a long day.
Do yourself a favor and just go to bed.
- I'm asking because I
care about your sister.
I wanna know what's going on.
And I wanna know if you
were doing something
that I think that you
shouldn't be doing at all.
I didn't think you would have it in you.
- What would I be doing with my sister?
- She looks different.
It's not her.
That's why I'm here asking you.
- Look. you shouldn't try to ask questions
if it's going to be a burden to you
if you get the answer.
so go back up to bed.
She's fine. she'll be fine.
She's in one of her moods.
(gentle music)
And just forget you ever had
that conversation with her.
(suspenseful music)
(door squeaking)
(cell phone chiming)
- Yo.
- Yeah. you know. the box arrived.
- You sure?
- I'm positive. I go in myself
and whack these fuckin'
guys with the shells.
- No. no. listen. stay the
fuck where you are. all right?
You wait till you see me.
I want this to be fuckin' painful.
I don't think you understand.
Just stay where you are.
- All right. don't wait
for me (indistinct).
- Okay.
- Go to this door right here.
(door latch clicks)
(door thuds)
- Anth. let's go.
(gun clatters)
(energetic ominous music)
(gunshot blasts)
(men shouting)
(gun firing)
(bullet shells clinking)
(guns firing)
- [Vincenzo] Come on.
(gunshots blasting)
(suspenseful music)
(hammer thuds)
(man groans)
(hammers smacking)
- [Man] We got 'em. man.
we got the (drowned out by music).
The fuckin' bastards.
Bring him in.
Fuck at least. fuckin' high for this shit.
Get the fuck over here.
(men chattering loudly)
- [Man] Cut his fuckin' eye out.
What the fuck did we do?
- Fuckin' dog. hold on!
Let's go!
- [Man] Fuckin' double time.
- I'm gonna ask you a few questions.
and you better fuckin'
answer me in the right way.
Where the fuck is Joe?
(punch thuds)
(eerie electronic music)
One more fuckin' time.
I'm gonna ask you.
and you better fuckin'
answer me the right way.
otherwise Dom's gonna fuck you up.
Where the fuck is Joe?
(punch thuds)
(man groans)
(man breathing loudly)
You're a real fuckin' tough guy. huh?
(gunshot blasts)
Mike. what the fuck?
I thought he was in the building.
- [Mike] I thought he
was in the building. too.
What the fuck. I don't know.
We thought we got the guy. but it was him.
What the fuck?
- Let's get the fuck out of here.
Dom. let's go.
Let's get the fuck outta here.
(foreboding music)
(guns firing)
(bullet holes whirring)
(rhythmic dramatic music)
(gunshot blasts)
(guns firing)
Oh. fuckin' bitch!
Anthony!
(gun firing)
Where the fuck are you at?
(men shouting)
(gun fires)
(gunshots blasting)
Oh. fuck!
(Vincenzo groaning)
(breath wheezing)
Vinnie. Anth!
Jimmy!
Fuck you and your brother.
(gun fires)
(high-pitched tone shrilling)
(cell phone ringing)
- [Operator] This is the operator.
- Give me number 14.
- [Operator] Your call
is being transferred.
(telephone ringing)
- Put him through.
- [Operator] Your call
is being transferred.
- I know what you did to me.
Don't you ever bring me
back like that again?
(mellow music)
(gun fires)
(rhythmic Celtic music)
- [Man] Check this out here.
(men shouting)
- What do we have here.
the king of Brooklyn.
- Come check this out. Clancy.
you gotta look at this.
- What the hell is this?
I never seen like. nothin' like it.
- [Clancy] Good.
Oh. my God.
- [Man In Beret] Check this out. Clancy.
Look at this metal stuff comin' out
of her head.
- Oh. my God.
what do we have here?
- Look at that.
What is that?
What is this metal stuff here?
Look at that. Clance.
- [Clancy] We have royalty here.
We have royalty.
Oh. my God.
We've had a full go on this one.
- [Operator] This is the operator.
- [Clancy] Yes. please
give me to. uh. 14. please.
- [Operator] Your call
is being transferred.
(rotary dial rattling)
(telephone ringing)
(cell phone ringing)
- Joe.
I think we should put
this one on ice. Joe.
We have a body here.
You gotta come take a look yourself.
This is royalty. Joe.
You have to see it yourself.
This has to go on ice.
- I know about that.
You must put that body on ice.
Bring it back to the warehouse.
and I'll inform you what to
do with my instructions later.
Don't leave any traces.
(ominous music)
("Dream Train" by Abe Lyman)
Dream train. please carry me back
Dream train. stay on the right track
Take me back where I belong
(cell phone ringing)
Sound your whistle and gong
- Yeah.
- [Operator] Your call
is being transferred.
- Adeet. (speaks Italian)?
- I just arrived in Sicily.
All the T25s are in place.
We're all ready to go.
Just give the word.
- Well. just to be clear.
I sent another party to
take care of Giacomo.
Sort of payback for the little
commotion that he stirred up.
So I don't need you to take care of him.
- But regarding this.
the Portofino family.
this one guy in particular.
you know who I'm talking
about. Peter Vecchio.
The guy's a stand up guy.
He was. he was like a
father to us. you know.
So what do you think?
Maybe we can give him
a. give him a pass. huh?
- He cannot be given a pass.
You see. a hit cannot be performed.
especially on a boss. without the consent
of the entire committee on the council.
I'm afraid he had to
have known about this.
In fact. I'm certain that he did.
As much as it pains me. and I know you.
this has to be taken care of.
He cannot walk away from this one.
- All right.
All right. we'll do.
Wait. wait. there is one more thing.
Michele.
Yeah. he's in the hospital with COVID.
He's on a respirator.
We're gonna get him no matter
what. that's not the issue.
The issue is his son. Michael.
I mean. I know he's a civilian.
but I think we should put him on the list.
He visits his father every
single night at eight o'clock.
We just get him when he's
coming out of the elevator.
What do you think?
- I agree. he needs to be wiped out.
He could be a problem in the future.
We have two members of the syndicate
there in the FBI.
They're in the general consulate there.
I'll make it look like he got wrapped up
in some things that he shouldn't have.
and he won't live to see the light of day.
As far as Michele.
we also have people on the inside.
We can take care of him.
I'll be in touch with
you when this is over.
- You got it.
(gentle pensive music)
(cell phone ringing)
(cell phone buzzing)
(man speaking Italian)
(people chattering)
- Don't worry. I'm always
loyal to the Molinari family.
(man speaking Italian)
- Consider it done.
(foreboding music)
(equipment ticking)
(equipment beeping)
(energetic contemporary music)
(gun firing)
(energetic contemporary music continues)
(solemn choir music)
(utensil scraping)
- Oh. we have a guest.
Can I help you?
- Sit the fuck down.
You don't mind if I have
a little wine. do you?
(wine sloshing)
See. we took Joe Molinari's jet
all the way over here to Italy.
and we didn't come for no
fuckin' meatballs. either.
- Well. I hope you did your research
because you just broke
into my fuckin' house.
- We know what fuckin'
house we broke into.
We came here to take care of business.
So did you (laughs).
did you do your research
on who the fuck we are?
I guess you didn't when
you killed my boy. Snake.
You see how easy it was for
us to come into your house?
Did we get everybody?
- The house is all
clean. they're all dead.
- We want to see your fuckin' house
like it was a grocery store.
So see. you're not so tough.
See. we came over here on
Joe Molinari's private jet.
We didn't come over here
for no fuckin' vacation
to no Venice. or no Florence. or whatever.
We came over here to
take care of business.
See. you killed my boss. Snake.
And we didn't take that too lightly.
And I got a message for Joe Molinari.
Come tomorrow morning. all four
of your bosses will be dead.
Portofino. Michele.
Vicente. and Raphael. gone.
- You know. I want you to
have a little more wine.
(wine sloshing)
I like to treat my guests well.
(bottle cap rattling)
Listen. this is what
I want you to do.
I want you to go back. rethink.
I want you to knock off Joe. yeah.
And then I want you to come back.
and then you and I are
gonna work together.
Go on. drink up.
What do you think. you like that idea?
- So what's in it for me?
- Money. title.
like a boss. no?
How does that sound to you?
(solemn choir music)
These mother fuckers!
(table items crashing)
(Jocko gagging)
(solemn choir music continues)
(gun fires)
(elegant waltz music)
(glasses clinking)
- [Man] I must say. I've been admiring
your beautiful bracelet.
Where is this from?
- Thank you.
This is sapphire.
- It's 3.5 million.
- So I don't know how long you guys
are gonna be in Sicily visiting for.
but if you wanna take my yacht
and swing over by Milazzo.
it's very nice in there.
They got an end cove.
yous can check it out.
Relax. have a good time. have a few drinks
on the boat while you're here.
- I appreciate it. Tomaso.
I mean. we've been meaning to get away.
- Hey. don't mention
it. anything yous need.
How about you?
(man speaking Italian)
- [Tomaso] It's very romantic.
(cell phone buzzing)
- Excuse me guys. excuse me. fellows.
let me take this.
(man speaking Italian)
- [Man] Yes. you'll
definitely love that place.
Yeah. I've been there before.
(elegant waltz music continues)
- Scusi. I'll be right back.
Thank you.
- Hold on. where you going?
- I'm going to take a piss.
Why are you breaking my balls?
- You know you're not supposed
to be out of my sight.
Your father wants me to
keep an eye on you. always.
- You know I'm. right.
you know I'm gonna be
head of this table one day. right?
And if you want a seat at it.
you gotta relax. (speaks Italian)?
- All right.
(men chattering)
- [Man] Seriously. back and forth.
(elegant waltz music continues)
(knuckles rapping)
- Where you at. princess?
(gun fires)
Fuck!
Fuck. you motherfucker.
(Tomaso groaning)
(gun firing)
Fuck. fuck!
(Tomaso groaning)
Fuck. you motherfucker.
Fuck (groaning)!
Fuck (groaning).
- Come on. are you really
surprised to see me?
I can't believe you
even fell for this one.
Gotta hand it to the
Molinari family on this one.
- You fuck. you think you're
gonna leave this place?
My father will have you dead in an hour.
You'll never leave Sicily.
You couldn't keep your own family.
so you decided to hand it
over to the Molinari family.
You didn't have the balls
to hold out (groaning).
- Your father's dead.
(Tomaso coughing)
- [Tomaso] No. fuck.
- And so are your uncles.
Listen. I never liked you anyway.
and it's not because you're a faggot. huh.
It's because you're always
hiding behind your father.
- No. wait. wait. it doesn't
have to be like this.
Just wait. just wait.
- Wait?
I don't get paid to wait for you.
- I'll be shagging your
ass in hell. motherfucker.
(gun fires)
(elegant waltz music continues)
(wind rustling)
(bird tweeting)
- Adeet. so they sent you here?
You know. I always looked after you.
I never thought this. this role.
You were a bright kid.
and you could have been
anything you wanted to be.
but not a murderer.
- [Adeet] We all slip into
roles that are sometimes
not convenient for us.
- So I take it. I'm not gonna
meet my grandson over here?
- No.
The Molinari family is quite resourceful
with tampering of things.
such as your text messages
and your voicemails.
How did you think they wouldn't find out?
They know everything.
They're probably listening to
this conversation right now.
- And this is the problem.
They're growing too big. too fast.
and they wanna control everything.
And even you know that this
is not the right thing.
You can't break a 150 year old tradition.
You know. Adeet. we
Naboli Dons have a saying.
We bite small and we eat often.
If you bite big. you choke.
(man speaking Italian)
- You think I wanna be here right now?
You chose which side
you wanna be loyal to.
By screwing with Joe. you screwed me. too.
Now look what position I'm in.
I have to do this.
If I don't. they'll kill me.
too. and we'll both be dead.
- Adeet. I'm gonna ask you
just this one time.
just this one time. walk away.
I'll grab my grandson. we'll
hop a plane to Argentina.
you'll never hear from us again.
He's the only thing that I have left.
(Adeet exhales loudly)
- Look. you promise me
if I let you walk away.
you would never come back.
never contact anyone.
you will disappear.
(gun silencer firing)
(wind rustling)
(bird cawing)
(solemn piano music)
(gentle melancholic music)